EDU 2193: Populate Development > Java SDK > Temporal Client (#2752)
temporalio/documentation: docs/dev-guide/javalang/features.mdx

The minimum value you can set for this period is 1 day.

Once registered, set Namespace using `WorkflowClientOptions` within a Workflow Client to run your Workflow Executions within that Namespace.

> See [how to set Namespace in a Client in Java](/develop/java/temporal-client#connect-to-development-service) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [how to set Namespace in a Client in Java](/develop/java/temporal-client#connect-to-custom-namespace) for details.
```
